Not let's fix the issue on cancel button.
So if you hit the edit button and then hit cancel button
update request has been called and we get
alert pop up and this is not what we expect.
So let's switch back over to our editor and then
open _answer.blade.php find the cancel button
and here we can simply add type equal button because if you place any button in the form without specifying
the type it will act like submit button.
And here we don't need this anymore
because we have handled that in the form.
and let's also add to both of these buttons `btn` bootstrap class. Let's save
and give it another try.
Edit an answer
and hit cancel button.
All right
Now no ajax call being sent and no alert
Pop up.
Now what if we hit this edit button and then add something here.
Or let's look delet everything here and then hit
cancel button. Now if edit the answer again.
Here it's empty the changes is not persistence.
So if we reload the page
the answer is still there.
I think this is another a big deal but it's look weird.
So to fix this issue let's switch over to answer dot vue
here in data method
let's add another property that will
hold the answer body before editing.
Here
I'm going to call it before edit cache
and is null by default
and then here in methods property
let's add two methods.
The first one is edit
in here
before editing we store the old answer
body to `beforeEditCache` property
and then we change the editing property to true.
the second method is cancel
when canceling or undoing the change we
simply restore the body property with old body
that stored in `beforeEditCache`.
and after that we can change the editing state to false.
All right
we can switch to _answer.blade.php
and then change the on click of this edit button
to call edit method
and then we also need to change this
to call cancel method.
Let's save all these and give a try one more time.
Edit an answer change something here
and then hit cancel button.
Now
If you hit the edit button again
the answer is not change.
Great.
Next
let's see another issue if we reload the page.
We can see the form for a fraction of a second.
So the fix this.
Let's switch over to our editor
and open answers underscore index
blade php
and inside this div we can add
v-cloak like so. This directive will remain on the element
until the associated vue instance finished compilation.
As soon as vue instance ready this directive is removed.
Now we can open app.scss
a define new css rule like so v-cloak
display
none.
So any elements which contains v-clock attribute will be hidden.
Le's save all changes
and have a look.
As you can see now then the  page firstly loaded we
cannot see any answers but after a fraction of a second
will answer displayed
and I think it's much better.